# Team meeting
* Date: 2nd September, 2017
* Time: 10:00 am

# Agenda
* Work division and coordination is to be discussed.   
* Each member's idea on login activity discussed. 
* Gitlab issue for the client is to be discussed.

## Information
* Basic login activity was implemented in the meeting itselves without connection with the client's api.
* The work was recheduled due to approaching mid-sems.
* Client was informed about the mid-sems and hence we told him that work will slow down during this phase.
