# Team meeting
* Date: 28th October, 2017
* Time: 9:00 pm

# Agenda
* Form questions and queries to be asked to the client and the TA mentor as well.
* Discuss elaborated documentation format and each member's role in that.

## Information
* Questions were discussed and elaborated(like "Do Client has his own git repo, or do we need to give him?").
* Rough(paper prototype) login design was made and then the technology and api's were discussed accordingly.
* Try making login activity until the next meet.
